chore: add NatSpec guidelines to `CONTRIBUTING.md` (#611)
lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts: CONTRIBUTING.md

<!-- ![alt text](https://docs.github.com/assets/images/help/pull_requests/select-squash-and-merge-from-drop-down-menu.png) -->
<img src="https://docs.github.com/assets/images/help/pull_requests/select-squash-and-merge-from-drop-down-menu.png" alt="drawing" style="width:600px;"/>

> ## Solidity NatSpec

Reviewer: I would suggest a more explicit subtitle

```suggestion
## Solidity Code Comments
```

> When changing or adding NatSpec comments to the any function, error or event in any contract make sure to adhere to the following guidelines:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When changing or adding NatSpec comments to any `function`, `error` or `event` in any contract make sure to adhere to the following guidelines:
```

> 1. `@dev` and `@notice` tags can both contain text description and two types of lists, bullet points or numbered lists. Make sure that those tags always start with text description first, not with lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. `@dev` and `@notice` tags can both contain text descriptions and two types of lists: bullet points or numbered lists. Make sure that those tags always start with text descriptions first, not with lists.
```

E.g.:

```solidity
/**
 * @dev Some description for starters.
 * Continuing describing.
 * It can span over multiple lines.
 */
```

**or**

```solidity
/**
 * @dev Some description for starters.
 *
 * - First bullet point.
 *   1. First orderd element.
 *   2. Second orderd element.
 *
 * - Second bullet point.
 */
```

**or**

```solidity
/**
 * @dev Some description for starters.
 *
 * 1. First bullet point.
 *   - First orderd element.
 *   - Second orderd element.
 *
 * 2. Second bullet point.
 *   - First orderd element.
 *   - Second orderd element.
 */

> ```

Reviewer: I think it would also be quite good to show a concrete example of what **not to do**. Like in the Solidity docs.

https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.19/style-guide.html#blank-lines

<img width="769" alt="image" src="https://github.com/lukso-network/lsp-smart-contracts/assets/31145285/8756574f-080b-43f3-a5c9-21a928372934">

2. `@param` tag is mandatory if the function, error or event has any parameters.

> 3. `@return` tag is mandatory if the fucntion has any return value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. `@return` tag is mandatory if the function has any return value.
```

> 4. Make sure to use custom tags for different kinds of information:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Make sure to use one of the custom tags below to document any additional informations of different kinds:
```

- Use `@custom:requirements` for all the requirements to use a function.
- Use `@custom:events` for all the emited events during the function execution.

> - Use `@custom:warning` for any warnings someone must be aware of when usinf a function.

Reviewer: Since warning tags can be generic and added to not only functions, I would keep it generic.

```suggestion
- Use `@custom:warning` for any warnings someone must be aware of.
```

- Use `@custom:danger` for any dangers one needs to be aware when using the function.
- Use `@custom:hint` for any tips you might have for someone that wants to use the function.

> - Use `@custom:info` for any extra informartion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `@custom:info` for any extra information.
```

> The custom tags should span across a single line or multiple lines using `-`.

Reviewer: Suggested change.

```suggestion
If there is only a single comment for the `@custom` tag, it can be written on the same line as the `@custom` tag. 
If there is multiple comments for the `@custom` tag, it should span across multiple lines using `-` as bullet points.
```

E.g.:

```solidity
/**
 * @custom:events {ValueReceived} event when someone tranfers native tokens to the contract.
 */
```

**or**

```solidity
/**
 * @custom:events
 * - {ValueReceived} event when someone tranfers native tokens to the contract.
 * - {Executes} event when the function is executed without any issues.
 */
```

> 5. If you want add an internal link to an function, error or event from the current contract, use `{}`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. If you want to add an internal link to a `function`, `error` or `event` defined the current contract, use `{}`.
```

   E.g.: `{pendingOwner}`, `{pendingOwner()}` etc.

> 6. If you want to add an external link to anything, use `[]`.

Reviewer: I think it is not clear here about external links. We should probably add an extra note that the Markdown file where the documentation will be included can include footer with the external links for these references. (But explain that these footer links **MUST NOT** be added to the generated docs!)
